How to Minecraft 101                                                                                                                                                      Everyone knows how to minecraft, punch wood, iron, nether portal, blaze powder, enderpearls, end, bed, dragon, end. Minecraft has become such a popular game that most people don't play it for the fun within the game, but they play it to win. Not only has this happened to minecraft, it has also happened every other game. This piece of text is to tell you how to win. Yeah you thought I was about to tell you how to have fun but Imma be real with you, I don't know how to do that, so here's a tip to not speedrun, but to master the art of the craft. 
Mob Farm. Mob farms are when you abuse the mob spawn mechanic and trap mobs and kill them. There are 2 types of mob farms, Spawner farms, or mob spawn farms. Spawner farms; 1. Find a spawner(I suggest just a normal spawner underground, not spider or blaze or things like that just normal dungeon spawners) and light that spawner up(put torches on all sides of the spawner) this way mobs don't spawn whilst you are building the farm. Mine 4 blocks from the spawner(stand on the spawner and mine 4 blocks from each sides) now you should have a 9 x 9 x 9 room with the spawner in the middle. now place water on the bottom layer of the room that flows down. You should see the water flowing to 1 line of blocks (that doesn't have any water on it). Mine all of those blocks that don't have water on it 2 blocks down. 
